what's up guys galaxy from good gaming
and I was so impressed by the request of
this legendary did I just have to do it
thanks a thousand percent you make this
series possible except today cuz no one
likes you so this is just a shout out to
all those who requested the legendary
known only as frenzy
roll the intro 50 G to the first male I
get about saying the wrong legendary but
seriously we are looking at predator
today predator while a weapon available
on two classes seems to have its main
focus on engineer changing a lot of the
skills to allow the red projectile a new
sound effect like so
and changes to the down skills to
include a red projectile the football to
predator is really nice if not often
mistaken for incinerators they contain
small explosion and a fine particle
effect rises from each step the football
itself doesn't last very long but in my
opinion it's not the football that makes
this weapon it's the weapon itself and
what a weapon it is predator is a sniper
rifle and is one of the only ones in
game it is absolutely amazing
after crafting this weapon I spent hours
just staring into it the way that upon
unsheathing it your character gains an
amazing red aura and the gun itself
springs to life gaining a flame breath
that appears from the face on the rifle
this gun is something else it really is
from the tip of this weapon where it has
a silencer place to the extremely long
barrel that has markings that make this
gun seem of char origin just underneath
the barrel you will find a demonic head
that like I said before has flames
coming out of its mouth the scope is
also met amazing spending at least 25%
of the overall size of this weapon to
the pipes that run all over this
legendary weapon moving what looks like
either fire or some type of molten lava
this legendary will have you wanting to
play engineer more often I know that's
what it did to me so guys how do you
rate predator was it really worth the
hype is it worth it to you or is playing
engineer really that tough that you'd
rather pass on this one let me know your
thoughts in the comments below and may
your games be good
you